Add support for NBI fetching AMOs (#247)
openshmem-org/specification: content/shmem_atomic_fetch_and_nbi.tex

\end{Csynopsis}
where \TYPE{} is one of the bitwise \ac{AMO} types and has a corresponding
\TYPENAME{} specified by Table~\ref{bitamotypes}.

\begin{apiarguments}

  \apiargument{IN}{ctx}{A context handle specifying the context on which to
      perform the operation. When this argument is not provided, the
      operation is performed on the default context.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{fetch}{Local data object to be updated.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{dest}{A pointer to the remotely accessible data object to
    be updated.}
  \apiargument{IN}{value}{The operand to the bitwise AND operation.}
  \apiargument{IN}{pe}{An integer value for the \ac{PE} on which \VAR{dest}
    is to be updated.}

\end{apiarguments}

\apidescription{
    The nonblocking \FUNC{shmem\_atomic\_fetch\_and\_nbi} routines perform an
    atomic fetching bitwise AND on the remotely accessible data object pointed
    by \VAR{dest} at \ac{PE} \VAR{pe} with the operand \VAR{value}. This routine
    returns after initiating the operation. The operation is considered complete
    after a subsequent call to \FUNC{shmem\_quiet}. At the completion of
    \FUNC{shmem\_quiet}, these routines have performed a fetching bitwise AND on

>     \VAR{dest} at \ac{PE} \VAR{pe} with the operand \VAR{value} and fetch the prior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \VAR{dest} at \ac{PE} \VAR{pe} with the operand \VAR{value} and fetched the prior
```

\end{C11synopsis}
where \TYPE{} is one of the bitwise \ac{AMO} types specified by
Table~\ref{bitamotypes}.

\begin{Csynopsis}
void @\FuncDecl{shmem\_\FuncParam{TYPENAME}\_atomic\_fetch\_and\_nbi}@(TYPE *fetch, TYPE *dest, TYPE value, int pe);
void @\FuncDecl{shmem\_ctx\_\FuncParam{TYPENAME}\_atomic\_fetch\_and\_nbi}@(shmem_ctx_t ctx, TYPE *fetch, TYPE *dest, TYPE value, int pe);
\end{Csynopsis}
where \TYPE{} is one of the bitwise \ac{AMO} types and has a corresponding
\TYPENAME{} specified by Table~\ref{bitamotypes}.

\begin{apiarguments}

  \apiargument{IN}{ctx}{A context handle specifying the context on which to
      perform the operation. When this argument is not provided, the
      operation is performed on the default context.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{fetch}{Local data object to be updated.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{dest}{A pointer to the remotely accessible data object to
    be updated.}
  \apiargument{IN}{value}{The operand to the bitwise AND operation.}
  \apiargument{IN}{pe}{An integer value for the \ac{PE} on which \VAR{dest}
    is to be updated.}

\end{apiarguments}

\apidescription{

>     The nonblocking \FUNC{shmem\_atomic\_fetch\_and\_nbi} routines performs an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The nonblocking \FUNC{shmem\_atomic\_fetch\_and\_nbi} routines perform an
```

    atomic fetching bitwise AND on the remotely accessible data object pointed
    by \VAR{dest} at PE \VAR{pe} with the operand \VAR{value}. This routine
    returns after initiating the operation. The operation is considered complete
    after a subsequent call to \FUNC{shmem\_quiet}. At the completion of

>     \FUNC{shmem\_quiet}, these routines performs a fetching bitwise AND on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \FUNC{shmem\_quiet}, these routines have performed a fetching bitwise AND on
```

>     \VAR{dest} at PE \VAR{pe} with the operand \VAR{value} and fetch the prior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \VAR{dest} at \ac{PE} \VAR{pe} with the operand \VAR{value} and fetched the prior
```

\end{C11synopsis}
where \TYPE{} is one of the bitwise \ac{AMO} types specified by
Table~\ref{bitamotypes}.

\begin{Csynopsis}
void @\FuncDecl{shmem\_\FuncParam{TYPENAME}\_atomic\_fetch\_and\_nbi}@(TYPE *fetch, TYPE *dest, TYPE value, int pe);
void @\FuncDecl{shmem\_ctx\_\FuncParam{TYPENAME}\_atomic\_fetch\_and\_nbi}@(shmem_ctx_t ctx, TYPE *fetch, TYPE *dest, TYPE value, int pe);
\end{Csynopsis}
where \TYPE{} is one of the bitwise \ac{AMO} types and has a corresponding
\TYPENAME{} specified by Table~\ref{bitamotypes}.

\begin{apiarguments}

  \apiargument{IN}{ctx}{A context handle specifying the context on which to
      perform the operation. When this argument is not provided, the
      operation is performed on the default context.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{fetch}{Local data object to be updated.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{dest}{A pointer to the remotely accessible data object to
    be updated.}
  \apiargument{IN}{value}{The operand to the bitwise AND operation.}
  \apiargument{IN}{pe}{An integer value for the \ac{PE} on which \VAR{dest}
    is to be updated.}

\end{apiarguments}

\apidescription{

>     The nonblocking \FUNC{shmem\_atomic\_fetch\_and\_nbi} routines performs an

Reviewer 2: Replace "performs" with "perform" here and below in the same paragraph.

Author: fixed
